Pyber Observations:

1.  Some interesting observations from the Bubble Plot are the outliers in Average Fares. The higher the Average Fare, the lower the Total Number of Rides Per City. The city type with the higher Average Fare is Rural. Ultimately, this means the farther out you are from populated areas, the more you're going to pay to use the Pyber Service. This brings up an interesting question. Are Rural Pybers travelling on average, farther than Urban Pybers? Or does it cost more to use the Pyber service in Rural Areas due to the supply of drivers? It would be interesing to see the average distance per city type to help us answer these questions.

2. This brings us to the next interesting observation. Only 5% of the Total Drivers by City Type are Rural Drivers. Does the limited supply of Rural Drivers, drive up the Average Fare for that area? My initial thoughts are probably not, however it would be nice to know what percentage of the fare price comes from surge pricing that could be a result from the limited supply of Pybers in Rural areas.

3.  It is quite obvious that the Urban market dominates in Total Rides Per City Type, Total Sum of Fares by City Type, and Total Drivers by City Type. The supply of drivers, meets the demand of riders.  The result is a lower average fare. The lower average fare could also be related to the distace each Urban Pyber travels. Like above, this can only be determined by analyzing the average travel distance per city type. Lastly, the Suburban Pybers on average pay more than the Urban Pybers. One Suburban City outperforms most Urban Cities by Total Number of Rides and Average Fare. 